Magento :

Tell me about yourself :
- My name is radha sharma, 
- I live with my family in ahmedabad, gujarat.
- I have done bca in 2016 to 2019 from jgcollage.
- I have started in corporate industry as a angular developer. after that I have switched in magento framework. I have 3 year experience in magento framework inculding traning. 


Magento key points.

1) Magento architecture And Customization techniques :
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	1.1 Describe the Magento module-based architecture
	1.2 Describe the Magento directory structure
	1.3 Utilize configuration and configuration variables scope
	1.4 Demonstrate how to use dependency injection (DI)
	1.5 Demonstrate ability to use plugins
	1.6 Configure event observers and scheduled jobs
	1.7 Utilize the CLI
    1.8 Describe how extensions are installed and configured

1) EAV
The EAV model has tables containing metadata that can classify goods based on their characteristics. This keeps the store architecture well-structured and web-friendly.
Entity: It stands for the items, orders, groups of items, and clients, among other things. In databases, there will be a record for each entity. 
Attribute: It offers data on entities, which is an attribute. Examples of qualities that a product might have are its name, price, stock level, etc. 
Value: A value is what an attribute is worth.

2) Briefly describe the application modes of Magento 2.

Default, Developer, and Production are Magento 2's three default operating modes. 

Default: In the default mode, errors are only shown in the log file and not in clipboards. Magento 2 also caches static files in this mode. Keep in mind that neither the production environment nor the development environment employ this mode.
This default is enabled out-of-the-box. It is a state in between production and developer, as the files are generated when they are needed. I.e. CSS files are generated using several LESS files in several locations. These files will be generated only when they are needed by the front end, and will not be generated again the next time they are needed.

Developer Mode: It is a slower mode that is employed by developers. In this mode, Magento 2 does debugging and code compilation. This mode, it should be noted, does not cache static files. 
In this mode, all the files in pub/static/ are symlinks to the original file. Exceptions are thrown and errors are displayed in the front end. This mode makes pages load very slowly, but makes it easier to debug, as it compiles and loads static files every time. Cache can still be enabled.

Production Mode: This is a quicker mode that is used in that setting. When operating in this mode, Magento 2 caches all view files, logs errors, and combines JavaScript into a bundle.
This mode should be enabled for all Magento 2 websites in production, as all the required files are generated and placed in the pub/static folder.

3) Describe various versions of Magento.
Following are the different versions of Magento:
Magento Enterprise Edition
Magento Community Edition
Magento Professional Edition
Magento .go Edition

13) Explain the difference between EAV and flat model..
EAV database model is fully in normalized form. Each column's value is stored in their respective data type table which makes it more complex as they have to join 5-6 tables even if you need only one detail. In EAV, columns are called attributes.

Flat model uses just one table. It is not normalized and uses more database space. It is not good for dynamic requirements where you may have to add some more columns in future. Its performance is fast as it needs only one query instead of joining 5-6 tables. In flat model, columns are called fields.

14) What are Magento product types?
Magento simple product: It is used for a single item without any specific selectable variations. For example, a pen, copy, etc.
Magento grouped product: It is used for a combination of Magento simple product. For example, a pen and copy together.
Magento configurable product: It is used for a single item with specific selectable variations. For example, a pen with different color options.
Magento virtual product: It is used for a virtual item i.e: non touchable item. For example, reservation, insurance, etc.
Magento bundle product: It is used for a bundle of simple products. For example, laptop with various items such as processor, hard disk, RAM, etc.
Magento downloadable product: It is used for online software items. For example, PowerPoint presentation, MP3 files, servers, etc.

Grouped Product
The customers can purchase single products separately. Options are present to select either a single product or the entire group.

For Example:

A Grouped Product can represent a set of 3 bags for sale. The customer has a choice to make an individual purchase or buy all 3 bags.

Bundled Product
In Bundle products, there is no scope for individual purchase. The customers cannot separate simple products.

The entire bundle kit has to be purchased. Every single product is part of the final cart.

Computer RAM+ CPU +Mouse sold at an online store is an example of a Bundled Product. Here the customer has no option but to select all products from the cart.


